/////RECOMMENDATION
I was particularly impressed by Nike’s ability to handle even the toughest clients—effortlessly. 
Nike’s has the ability to juggle multiple projects and made a dramatic difference in the productivity.
Ridiculously efficient’ is the phrase that comes to mind when I think about Nike.
Nike would be an asset to any team.”

-------------------
Dylan is not only a great developer, but a very pragmatic individual as a whole. Can speak to his Front End development prowess,
 but his experience and impressive array of content should speak for itself. As having had the pleasure of working with Dylan in the past, 
 would gladly work with him in the future.

-----------------
Dylan has an uncanny ability to take complex problems and quickly make sense of the problem to come up with a solution. 
His skills as a front end developer are easily some of the best I have worked with in the industry. 
He not only shows his value to the team he is working on with his technical abilities, but just as importantly, 
he shows his value in his ability to drive conversation and create opportunity for improvement. I look forward to continuing work with Dylan long into the future.

Any team, big or small will find tremendous value in what Dylan can offer. 

--------------
As a former colleague, I have first hand knowledge of the dedication Mr. Israel puts into developing his craft. 
On numerous occasions he has demonstrated the ability to dissect a problem into more manageable components and 
then solving each component in a very rapid and efficient manner. There have been situations where the problem set was outside 
Mr. Israel's scope of knowledge and rather than give up on the problem, he chose to expand his knowledge base to better 
understand the task at hand. I would feel confident having Mr. Israel on my team at any capacity because I know he will make the team better. 
If it is something he knows, he will excel at preforming it. If for some reason it is something he does not know or understand, 
he will take every step necessary to ensure that he learns it. He truly is an asset for anyone looking to build or enhance their team. 
--------------------
Dylan is the quickest creator of high-quality web dev courses I met. After his first delivery, we immediately booked more courses from him, 
and our audience loves them. Great communicator and solid technical skill. Can highly recommend Dylan!